Martin Duke's comments. Fixes #230 (#238)
tlswg/dtls13-spec: draft-ietf-tls-dtls13.md

  - MSL: Maximum Segment Lifetime

> The reader is assumed to be familiar with the TLS 1.3 specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The reader is assumed to be familiar with {{TLS13}}.
```

> As in TLS 1.3 the HelloRetryRequest has the same format as a ServerHello
> message but for convenience we use the term HelloRetryRequest throughout

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As in TLS 1.3, the HelloRetryRequest has the same format as a ServerHello
message, but for convenience we use the term HelloRetryRequest throughout
```
